<div class="entry-content wp-block-post-content has-global-padding is-content-justification-left is-layout-constrained wp-container-core-post-content-is-layout-12dd3699 wp-block-post-content-is-layout-constrained">
<p class="wp-block-paragraph"></p>
<hr class="wp-block-separator has-alpha-channel-opacity"/>
<p class="has-text-align-justify wp-block-paragraph">Governments collect the unwanted children of the scientific and humanist community, and since they get their tax from their companies and their breakaway civilizations and their corporate entities, they get to utilize, if agreed, their less accomplished children in their legacy of being failures—like governments are to the humanist vision, which they don’t fulfill. So at least they can take care of the weak if law and order and basic citizens’ rights are less important to them than playing gangster with the people that finance them. Here you go, take care of all the “retards”; non-retards will take care of themselves. Free selves, thank you government agents very much.</p>
<p class="has-text-align-justify wp-block-paragraph">Modern governments employ 3,000–5,000 embedded spies per 10 million population. Backward nations like Hungary employ over 100,000–150,000 unwanted people to spy on us, the freemen. Those files will be coming out if Orbán loses the next elections, which he might or might not, to Magyar Peter. 2026—the big year for Hungary, the end of communism, the last era, and last regime, or the continuation of a Moscow-based elite circle humanist master plan—which, of course, the 70-year-long communism wasn’t the operation of in 1988 when Daniel was cooked up by the NKVD kripto-fascism guys that wanted to make a shit ton of money from running women and intelligence, and ended up on the right side of history: providing love and care and attention to the least loved, least cared-for outcasts while maintaining professional integrity.</p>
<p class="has-text-align-justify wp-block-paragraph">Losers in school helped losers on the street to rise as victors in the military intelligence community by distributing real awesome intel while running women, handing out $500 to $50,000 plus experiences to the man—the support and love—1, 2, 5, sometimes even 6 dudes over 30 professionals and professional contacts contained in New York and elsewhere to see what else can be done about the humanist promise of brotherhood, friendship, idealism, and love—not eroding by our technology-driven super-fast present and our calm AUKUS futures. Plus, China surprise: it’s not a surprise, everything is made in China, including Obama and Biden. So let’s be enthusiastic about what AUKUS sees potential in EURASIA and what EURASIANS see lovely in Britain and AUKUS.</p>
<hr class="wp-block-separator has-alpha-channel-opacity"/>
<p class="wp-block-paragraph"></p>
</div>