THE ALT RIGHTS TRIBALISM AND IT’S MEMES

If an image is a thousand words, than thousands of images are millions of words. No matter how well read you are, you just can’t compete with white tribalism based around memes. The alt right is pumping anti-multiculturalism memes out like no one has ever done, not only to self-indulge in racial hatred but also to just keep the tension and provocation up –which might be the whole point of the alt right to begin with. Should we take the movement seriously, is it an actual movement at all, and if so is it a European project, a Russian Project, an American Project or all three combined? Who is the alt right addressing and what factions does it have? After analyzing over 3000 alt right memes from the 2016 election cycle, my observations conclude the following: The alt right movement is as far right as one could get; from images of Trump burning Sanders in an oven for his Jewish origins to a Minesweeper Tank being titled the Nigger Whipper 9000, to info graphs explaining how the IQ Gap between Africans and Whites correlate with poverty, crime and behavior, the Alt Right is at its best a hate group and at its worst the nightmare we were all afraid of.

Little did anyone analyze yet face up to the challenge of how ‘mass radicalization’ happens to young adults of European decent. Most of the intelligence community were looking right into how radicalization happens to people of Arab decent, or Islamist backgrounds (AQ, ISIL, Arab Spring) and people of African decent (Martin Luther King, Malcolm X, Black Lives Matters) yet some how the Intelligence Community has failed to publicly address radicalization of European decent. Of course in the media there is the occasional ‘uu look he is a Nazi and look how ridiculous his statements are’, but ridicule is not going to resolve the key issue here and that key issue is the sophistication of the degrading hate filled propaganda the Alt Right pumps out by the
thousands: from promoting, demanding and prepping for a crusade against Africans,
Hispanics, Islamists, Illegal Immigrants, Lesbian Gay Bi Trans community, Feminists,
Politically correct Colleges, The ‘Corrupted Zionist Master Class’, The dumb and unfit

underclass, the mentally challenged, as well as the technocratic layer as in Google and Apple, the Alt Right sure knows how to look for enemies. Of course it would be silly to attribute too much to the young adults pumping out the hate filled memes, after all it only takes a few minutes for a skilled individual to make a meme about how ‘Hillary Clinton drinks the blood of innocent children at Bildenberg or The Bohemian Groove’. With so many proclaimed enemies of this new shape of the
‘European Identity’ as the haters, it is unlikely for Alt Right to succeed on the long run, yet we should carefully analyze their tactics and take them seriously for a bit, after all they got Trump elected as the President of The United States of America. Why we should take them seriously is as follows: European Imperialism is responsible for over a billion deaths in the past 300 years alone – from the Belgian Congo to Vietnam, Nagasaki and Hiroshima, the Burning March Order, to institutionalized slavery, forced starvations, forced marches, death camps, the European Imperialism, and tribalist attitudes paved the path for a large number of genocides, democides, and homicides.

It is important to note that we did just come out of the dark ages in which most
people had a life expectancy of 30 years if they survived the constant burning, crucifying, stabbing, stoning, impaling, choking, drowning, enslaving, and breaking of all individuals not aligned with the power structure of the time – which does remind me of Lord of the Flies quite a bit: if you wonder how hormone pumped and under informed, emotional 10 to 30 year olds would manage to build up to this gigantic imperialist machine, here is a thesis: they killed each other until Darwinian rule established some of the individuals, concepts, families and institutions as clear winners of the ‘kill all of the brutes’ mentality alluded to in the Heart of Darkness.

The danger of the Alt Right lies in its decentralized structure and its penetration of
new media platforms such as YouTube or Facebook. While in 2017 most mainstream
media outlets focus on Trump and his failings, the Alt Right can go unchecked, and cause serious damage: from inciting hatred towards non-European ethnicities, illegal
immigrants, LGBT community and many others, the Alt Right does not only radicalize youth of European decent but so does it radicalize the people that it attacks with its ‘dank meme stash’. This method of spewing hatred will result in horrible outcome: for who is to believe that only a handful of people follow such hatred filled ideology when the numbers of their memes are way too high.

Let’s do some numbers: if only one out of a million of the 1300-2000 million people of
European decent are committed to the Alt Rights horrifyingly aggressive memes than that sill leaves us with a large group of professional haters, around 1300-2000 people but the numbers are much higher. For example the private President Trump’s Dank Meme Stash group of Facebook has over 64000 members, while its twin, the Emperor Trumps Dank Meme Stash has over 78000 members. In comparison to the total membership of
Bolsheviks in 1905 was 8400, yet the Marxist Leninist ideology they represented
conquered much of the world in a short period of time with much ‘success’ as one of the Alt Rights memes points this out; ‘Marxism aimed to get rid of the top 1%, and ended up getting rid of 50%.’

The situation though is ‘under control’. Hungary built a wall to keep illegal
immigrants out, the Polish marched by the thousands against Islamic immigration,
President Trump won 62,984,825 votes, and Islamic extremists keep exploding, raping
and knifing civilians around the clock, China barred interracial marriages, Mexico built a wall to keep poorer Latin Americans out, 16th Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte legalized massacre of drug dealers, and Saudi Arabia is planning on invading Qatar that has one of the biggest U.S. military bases in the region. So the push from the right is strong, in fact very strong, but so will be the blow back: ANTIFA, Black Block and other radical left wing organizations are organizing, some even calling for the overthrow of legitimately elected governments. They would prefer regime change and elimination of the Alt right and all right wing ideology. How does the Altright respond? With memes: The Left Can’t Meme’ meme is a viral phenomenon, and so is their perceived way of dealing with opposition: ‘The Pinochet helicopter Rides’, referring to how Augusto Pinochet, ruler of Chile from 1973 until 1990 disposed of left wing elements in his country: by dropping them into the ocean from helicopters.

So how do we defuse the hate? With more hate and ridicule? The mainstream
media seems to like that, yet this strategy fails at all levels. From Stephen Colbert host of the Late Night Show, to Trevor Noah host of the Daily Show mainstream media drum the drums of hatred towards all against the mainstream narrative of a race less and classless society (both of which are unattainable Marxist ideals). There are legitimate concerns on both sides of the argument and steeping to the low level of viciousness and maliciousness of the Alt right memes wont solve much, unless the goal of this whole shenanigan is to start a civil war, race riots, whatnot to impose martial law while the US defaults on it’s debts and/or starts a massive full blown war on the middle east or elsewhere, but that is conspiracy talk: don’t worry everything is fine, “go back to bed, America. Your Government is in control again. Here. Here’s American Gladiators. Watch this, shut up. Go back to bed, America. Here is American Gladiators. Here is 56 channels of it!”

The meme war seems to be won by the Alt Rights pursue of a racially pure white paradise, a western civilization based on Darwinian rule where the underclass is destroyed for the sake of saving civilization from the evils of multiculturalism: “Anti- Racist is Anti-white” was the slogan of the neo-nazi fringe movement, now it’s a slogan millions identify with; so either the Humanists start memeing as well as the Alt Right but instead of hate, they could/should preach about compassion. Don’t get me wrong the Alt- Right seems very compassionate, but maybe, when compassion translates into “a call for action” of violence and hatred they should reexamine their premises, and that premise is that people of European decedents are superior to all yet some how still maintain victim status. After hundreds of years of mining the planet fo  resources like slaves and gold and a century of bombing each other to pieces maybe they should give the idea of a superior Western Civilization a rest, or stop claiming victim status, or both.